Okay. So favorite romance?
I guess the one that I'm most um... familiar with is the story between
Aragorn and... Yeah, that's probably the most I'm most familiar with.
But I guess. It's like, if you say like a favorite.
Um... I'm not sure.
Yeah.
Favorite scene.
Some of them has millions. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't want to read some of it.
There's an eternal um... eternal um, thing of a...
There's an eternal lift of romances in it. Yeah.
Yeah, I know. You like that story a lot.
Is that Merry?  No, I'm okay.
I'm okay. I'll, I'll just stick to Faramir defeating everybody.
But then in the end, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, everyday.
No, you didn't make me, but I was like, I'm okay with it. I mean like, but I'm not too interested in those.
Except big creatures destroying everything.
Yeah, the black dragon that's what I heard
Wait. Can you read it? Okay.
Okay. But anyway back to Lord of the Rings. But I like I like Faramir. Yeah, yeah.
They kind of did. They did.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, but like, yeah, that's good though.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're like, they're like more, they're like dozens of them.
coz another further.
Yeah.
And they do the Goldilocks.
Yeah, one of those, one of those wizards.
I like family trees. I like family trees in Lord of the Rings. Those are good.
Yeah.
But then like, most of their names are either not mentioned or mentioned once.
He made the language. Yeah.
Yeah.
Elvish.
That change of.
Which Elvish?
Pin.
Which Elvish is it? Which is, what the name?
Yeah.
I guess Doldrums are good. I guess it's kind of like, Japanese is kind of like elvish to some people.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
What if you could only talk to older people and whatever you say became a spell?
So like, when you talk, something happens somewhere. So...
yeah
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, but if you don't know, yeah. Hey look
the entire world just blew up. Also, I think I spoke the wrong word in that language.
Wait, how do you do?
It looks like a waterfall.
Yeah, maybe not the older one. I guess the newer one might be better. Newer Elvish.
Oh. Sindarin and Quenya.
Sindarin. Yeah. Sindarin.
Sisinda- Sindarin.
And then, I can just imagine dictionaries saying, Sindarin, new revised.
Translation.
Yup.
Yeah.
No, you can actually make a really simple, like language. Like, new language by, like, just, like
making new letters for English words.
Yeah.
Oh, really?
Oh.
To make... to like the Elvish.
Woah.